PasswordKeepR
=========


## About PasswordKeepR
PasswordKeepR is a password manager application designed to help Orgnaizations securely store and manage their passwords for various online accounts. Here's how it works and why it's useful:

  1. Password Storage: PasswordKeepR stores all your passwords in a vault. This means you only need to remember one master password to access all your other passwords.
  2. Automatic Login: PasswordKeepR can automatically fill in your passwords for websites and apps, saving you the hassle of typing them in manually each time.

  3. Generate Secure Passwords: PasswordKeepR gives you options to generate strong, unique passwords for each of your accounts, reducing the risk of your accounts being compromised by using weak or reused passwords.

## Glance of PasswordKeepR
! [Login/Logout page](public/images/Login:out.png)
! [Accounts page or Index ](/public/images/accountsPage.png)
! [Add account page](/public/images/addAccount.png)
! [Copy password of account ](/public/images/copyPass.png)
! [Edit account page](/public/images/editAccount.png)
! [Add user page](/public/images/addUser.png)



## Getting Started
1. Create a new repository using this repository as a template
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8070/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`.
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`.
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use helper functions to run your SQL queries and clean up any data coming back from the database. See `db/queries` for pre-populated examples.
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x
